Stb isolation (#4192)
mlpack/mlpack: doc/user/compile.md

|*Configuration.* |||
| `-DMLPACK_USE_SYSTEM_STB` | `#define MLPACK_USE_SYSTEM_STB` | Use the version of STB available on the system instead of the version bundled with mlpack.  If set, make sure `stb_image.h`, `stb_image_write.h`, and `stb_image_resize2.h` are available. |
| `-DMLPACK_DONT_USE_SYSTEM_STB` | `#define MLPACK_DONT_USE_SYSTEM_STB` | Force usage of the bundled version of STB.  Only necessary if mlpack was [configured](install.md#cmake-options) with `USE_SYSTEM_STB=ON`. |

> | `-DDISABLE_STB=OFF` | Disable stb support within mlpack; use this if your system does not need image processing (e.g., real time sensors data). | `OFF ` |

Reviewer: I'd suggest `MLPACK_DISABLE_STB` to match the other macros.  Also I think the format of this row is wrong, the second element should be a `#define`.  (This table is different than the other CMake options table.)

|*Configuration.* |||
| `-DMLPACK_USE_SYSTEM_STB` | `#define MLPACK_USE_SYSTEM_STB` | Use the version of STB available on the system instead of the version bundled with mlpack.  If set, make sure `stb_image.h`, `stb_image_write.h`, and `stb_image_resize2.h` are available. |
| `-DMLPACK_DONT_USE_SYSTEM_STB` | `#define MLPACK_DONT_USE_SYSTEM_STB` | Force usage of the bundled version of STB.  Only necessary if mlpack was [configured](install.md#cmake-options) with `USE_SYSTEM_STB=ON`. |

> | `-DMLPACK_DISABLE_STB` | `#define MLPACK_DISABLE_STB` | Disable stb (image) support within mlpack; use this if your system does not need image processing (e.g., real time sensors data). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-DMLPACK_DISABLE_STB` | `#define MLPACK_DISABLE_STB` | Disable STB (image) support within mlpack; use this to reduce program size if you do not need image processing (e.g., you are only using real-time sensor data). |
```
(Pedantic capitalization to match how we refer to STB elsewhere, plus some other small formatting changes)

| `-DMLPACK_USE_SYSTEM_DR_LIBS` | `#define MLPACK_USE_SYSTEM_DR_LIBS` | Use the version of dr\_libs available on the system instead of the version bundled with mlpack.  If set, make sure `dr_mp3.h` and `dr_wav.h` are available. |
| `-DMLPACK_DONT_USE_SYSTEM_DR_LIBS` | `#define MLPACK_DONT_USE_SYSTEM_DR_LIBS` | Force usage of the bundled version of dr\_libs.  Only necessary if mlpack was [configured](install.md#cmake-options) with `USE_SYSTEM_DR_LIBS=ON`. |

> | `-DMLPACK_DISABLE_DR_LIBS` | `#define MLPACK_DISABLE_DR_LIBS` | Disable dr\_libs (audio) support within mlpack; use this if your system does not need audio processing (e.g., real time sensors data). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-DMLPACK_DISABLE_DR_LIBS` | `#define MLPACK_DISABLE_DR_LIBS` | Disable dr_libs (audio) support within mlpack; use this if your system does not need audio processing (e.g., you are only using real time sensors data). |
```
